#labels LobbyMapGroup,RequirementsDocumentation
==Kirill Kovalevsky==
==Lobby and Hexagon Tile World Team==
===Client Team===

====1.Requirements====

Login & Lobby
 * Interact with Interface to display login window for player
 * Interact with Server to check player credentials and load player profile and information into client.
 * (Interact with Interface to display a map list/lobby for player to pick map)?
 * Receive Map information from Server (Save some information locally to save on networking)
 * Display map of tiles 
Map
 * Display information about tiles received from Server
 * Interact with Interface with window or tooltip to display detailed information about specific tile, or all regions owns by specific player.
 * Allow of different zoom view of map (either a variable scroll or in predefined increments)
Tile/Area Owned
 * Allow for view of one specific tile or entire area owned by player; interact with Server to receive player economic information.
 * Display web of tiles and relations between players owned tiles.
 * Animate and show ecological changes received from Server simulation
 * Display economic overview through Interface
Personal Ecosystem Management
 * Interact with Interface for a window that allows for purchase of resources
 * Interact with Server to send and receive purchase information
 * Interact with Server to receive simulation information of growth of ecology based on information sent (will resend information with relevant changes by player for new results)
 * Display changes in personal ecosystem in both animation and Interface
 * Allow player to manage both specific tile and total region owned. (depending on system)
 * Animate growth and change on cycle (per turn)
Battle Initiation
 * Allow player to select tile to attack
 * Interact with Interface for attack window 
 * Interact with Server for tile information about distance and availability of time
 * Place player in queue and send information to Battle Component
 * Interact with Server to update and send battle results and store accordingly, and update displayed ecosystem and owned areas.
 * Interact with Interface to display battle results


===2.Objects===
PurchaseManager
 * Will manage player’s interactions with the purchase of new species and resources
 * Will communicate with Server to update and store information
 * Will update overall player species displayed

BattleManager
 * Will manage battle queue and initiate battle
 * Will receive information from battle and update Server and Client information as well as player information and ecosystem.

TileAnimations
 * Will show animations of idle animal movement on a tile
 * Disasters on overall map
 * Will show (if added) species interaction received from Game Logic component
 * Display any other content based changes (like increase or decrease of species)

Map
 * Will hold all tiles and communicate with server to receive the map specifics, layout, ownership, and all other information to store on the Server and display on the Client.

Tile
 * Will be object that stores specific tile information, for each tile on the map on the Server.
 * Will have biome, maximum biomass, animals, etc
 * Will get information from database that stores all the tiles.

TileRenderer
 * Will receive information from server to display the pattern of different tiles which is the map.
 * Types of tiles received from other component then placed by Server randomly or semi-randomly.
 * Will clump up player owned tiles to display color and ownership
 * Will show different colors based on player and biome

Lobby
 * May have intermediate step between login and map, will have a list of available maps that a player can choose to play on.
 * Including global chat?

Login
 * Will show player with the initial login screen when they start the game
 * Will check credentials then load player profile when login is successful
 * Then will either show a lobby? or show player the gamemap
 * Give player place on map afterwards

Player
 * Will communicate with Server to receive the player profile and display their tiles and assets
 * Will contain player locations and which tiles/spots are owned by which player as well as overall resources and other general values that are received from Game Logic.

===3.Milestones===
4/1
 * Basic Login/Lobby
 * Basic Map tile system and map generation
 * Basic Player Information System
 * Tile view and interaction
 * Basic player tile management
4/8
 * Battle queue and interaction
 * Purchase and ecosystem management
 * Tile specific biome and external forces listeners
4/29
 * Refined map
 * Refined login
 * Refined player information and data
 * Tile connectivity and webs