=Marco Chin (last edited 4/28/2014)=
=Natural Environment/ Server Team=

=1. Requirements=
*Server Requirements for Natural Environment*
 * The server shall take in and process requests, retrieve information from the database, and return the information(responses) back to the client via protocol. Server shall handle the game logic.

 * Server side shall have a clock and send events, season changes, and disease responses to clients using a set interval that can be configure in Constants.java. 

 * Since these changes can have an effect on environment score, the increased or decrease in biomass will be input into the simulation engine and return biomass of all species in the particular foodweb. High biomass will yield high environment score and vice-versa. 

 * The server shall also be in charge of deciding how to generate the random formula for creating events.

 * The server shall keep track of the current season and all of the current natural events currently deployed in the game, in the db.

 * Information relating to environments, disasters etc will be stored in the database.


*General Natural Environment Requirements*
 * The game shall implement the use of types of environments, events, season changes, and diseases, listed in ascending priority. Animations, simulation and client-server data relating to natural environment will and shall be handled by our team. 

 * Environments have different vegetation capacity ranges. Vegetation capacity shall be determined by us and would depend on the values of the environment type specified by the db. 

 * Seasons will only affect the occurrence ratio of the natural events, while the natural events will affect the growth rates of plants and animals.

 * A natural environment month is separate from a game month!(For example: If a season changes, it doesn't mean necessarily that 3 months have passed in the ecosystem.) We are using our own timer to generate seasons and natural events. 


=2. Priorities=
 * *Priority 1*
  * Natural Event Timer
  * Environment Types: Desert, Jungle, Grasslands, Arctic
   * EnvironmentController
  * Natural Events: Drought, WildFire, Flood, Tornado, Rain, Sunshine, SnowStorm
   * NatureEventsController
  * Random Formula to generate natural events.
 
 * *Priority 2*
  * Seasons: Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter
   * SeasonController

 * *Priority 3*
  * Diseases: AnimalDisease, PlantDisease, TerrainDisease(both animal and plant)
   * DiseasesController

=3. Types of Environments=
*1.      Desert*
 * a. Is dry and has a limited water supply.  Only certain plants and animals can survive here.
 * b. Vegetation Capacity: 300 - 500
 * c. Immune to Flood and SnowStorm

*2.	Jungle*
 * a. A very diverse biome filled with water and plants.  Very hard to maintain, as the diversity can cause difficulty in balancing.
 * b. Vegetation Capacity: 800 - 1000

*3.	Grasslands*
 * a. Good plant-life, and fair diversity.  Water is clean, and is the more balanced biome overall.  Easy to maintain and disrupt the balance.
 * b. Vegetation Capacity: 600 - 800

*4.	Arctic*
 * a. Clean water, high water specie variety, low plant-life.
 * b. Vegetation Capacity: 300 - 400
 * c. Immune to Fire and Drought

=4. Types of seasons=
*(Seasons are global, every shares the same season)*

*1. Spring*
 * a. Higher chance of rain, flooding, and sunshine.

*2. Summer*
 * a. Higher chance of drought
 * b. Higher chance of wildfire

*2. Fall*
 * a. Higher chance of tornadoes and floods.

*3. Winter*
 * a. Higher chance of snowstorm and rain.

=5. Natural Events=
*(Everyone will see the same natural events on the tile map)*

*1. Flood*
 * a. Is an event that affects plants and larger land animals.  Trees are not affected.
 * b. This cannot be managed during its occurrence (have to let it run its course), and will have an icon representing it happening.

*2. Fires*
 * a. Depending on how we setup the game, fires will be natural, or player-spawned
 * b. If natural, all players in a certain area will receive a notification regarding the fire
 * c. Fires may spread to another tile if not contained by the tile’s owner(s)
 * d. If users create fires, then the fire cannot spread, but rather continue to damage the tile until put out by the tile’s owner(s)

*3. Drought*

*4. Tornado*

*5. Rain*

*6. Sunshine*

*7. SnowStorm*	

=6. Classes/Deliverables (subject to change)=

*1. NatureEventsTimer*
 * This thread is a global timer that gets started whenever the server is started. 
 * All players share this timer.
 * Occurrence of Seasons and Naturals Events are based off this timer.

 * *Current Time Configurations:*
  * A day is 5 seconds.
  * A month is 150 secs (2min 30secs).
  * A season is 450 secs (7min 30secs)
  * A year is 1800 secs (30 min).

 * *Methods*
  * public void run()
  * public int getSeasonNum();
  * public int getMonthNum();
  * public int getDayNum();
  * public void updateClientTimeOnLogin();

*2. NatureEventsController*
 * Retrieves data from NatureEventsDAO. 
 * Sends a response to generate natural events for a certain number of tiles depending on a random formula.

 * *Methods*
  * public void generateNatureEvent(Season season)
  * public void setTilesForNatureEvent(float eventChance, int eventTilesAmnt, int[] eventTileList, int eventID)
  * public NatureEvents getByNatureEventsID(int i)
  * public void removeEventFromTileByUser(int[] tilesToBeRemoved)
  * public void removeEventFromTileByDefault(int eventID)
  * public void sendToAll(ResponseUpdateNaturalEvent response)

*3. SeasonController*
 * Retrieves data from SeasonDAO.
 * Sends a response to client to change seasons every 3 months.

 * *Methods*
  * public Season generateSeason(int monthNum)
  * public Season getBySeasonID(int i)
  * public Season getCurrentSeason()
  * public void sendToAll(ResponseUpdateNaturalEvent response)

*4. EnvironmentController*
 * Retrieves data from EnvironmentTypesDAO. 
 * Sends a response to Client about environment type information.

 * *Methods*
  * public EnvironmentTypes generateEnvironmentType(int envID)
  * public EnvironmentTypes getByEnvironmentTypesID(int i)

*5. DiseasesController*
 * Diseases are priority 3, not yet implemented
 * Animal Disease, Plant Diesase, Terrain Disease(both animal and plant)

*6. Other misc game logic*
 * Server will send the current season and current occurring events to the client on login.

=7. The Random Formula =
(* formula is subject to change)
 * Located inside the NatureEventsController
 * 15% chance for natural events to occur once every month at a random time during that month.
 * If natural events occur, exactly 2500 tiles will be affected (approx 15% of the map), unless tiles are immune to a certain event.
 * The 2500 tiles will be chosen at random.
 * The quantity for each type of event will depend on the current season. 
 * No new events will not be generated until the old events are removed by the players or until the events have exceeded their duration. (This is to avoid clutter and prevent mass spawning of events).

 * For example:
	Summer has a wildfire chance of 35%. This means 35% of the 2500 tiles will be affected by wildfire. The remaining 65% of the tiles will be affected by other natural events.

=8. ATTENTION LOBBY AND BATTLE TEAM=
 * Use my getByEnvironmentTypesID and getByNatureEventsID to retrieve info about Environment Types and Events from database. This will return an object representing a row in the db. 
 * You can access vegetation capacity, plant growth rates and animal repo rates from the returned object.
 * The generate methods ie. generateNatureEvent(Season season) sends information that is required by the client to generate the appropriate action. In this case generateNatureEvent() will send a array of tile ids and an event id. It is clients job to render the event for all the tile ids.
 

=9. Milestones=
By 4/8 Finish 	EnvironmentController, DisasterController, Random Formula

By 5/6 Finish SeasonsController, DiseasesController, NaturalEventsTimer. Sync up db with server.