#labels Tutorial,Interface
CSC 631: Tutorial Interface's Outline for Milestone_1
Tutorial Team
Jung Hwan Kim: Interface	
March 11, 2014
Game Project: World of Balance
	The interface of World of Balance suppose to allow users to choose tutorial game mode and access to Graphic User Interface elements as (buttons, text block, and so on).
	The text of Buttons suppose to be "Next", 'Back", " Repeat", and "Finish".
	The long term goal allow tiles of hexagon of map and other game elements to be highlighted and blink to instruct users to do a desired action. 
	The interface must guide the users to do certain desired actions and help a user to understand how to play the game.
<Two tutorial modes>
	<Sandbox Tutorial>
	- Sandbox mode is about teaching the player how to interact with the ecosystem, and will 	have goals related to building a complex ecosystem.
	-This mode will provide the basic tutorial to the user how to play this game.
	<Multiplayer Tutorial>
	- Multiplayer's tutorial mode has the user  and a non-playable "dummy" player. 
	- This mode provides the user with information about how to attack other players. 
	- The "dummy" player does nothing and is only used to show the user how to engage in 	battle. 

The Tutorial Interface shall contains objects such as "Text", "Button" and "TextBox"

- "Button" contains "Next", "Back", "Repeat", and "Finish"
- all "Button" and "Text" objects shall be within "TextBox"

"Text": display interactive messages where user read
"Button": object where user can press
"TextBox": It pops on the game screen

Deliverable
Milestones:
- present how tutorial interface is working.