#summary Natural Environment; Requirements Documentation

Zi sheng Wu – Environment Team – Protocol Team

=Natural Environment Requirements=

 * There are different types of landscape environment. Different types have different Vegetation Capacities (Ref. p5 Map, Game Rules) Also, different species will appear. (Ref. Types of environments, Natural Environment Document)
  * The protocol shall deliver the environment data from server to client.

 * Each species (animals, plants, terrain) has risk of infectious disease. Some diseases can infect adjacent tiles. Some diseases can eventually lead species to death if losing control. Some diseases only affect certain species. (Ref. Types of Disease, Natural Environment Document)
  * The protocol shall deliver disease as a world event from server to client.

 * In game world, different kinds of disaster will happen in different areas (various tiles), effecting the ecosystem of tiles. Some kinds of disaster can reduce biomass. Some kinds of disaster can increase the risk of infectious disease. Some kinds of disaster can affect terrain and reduce vegetation capacity. (Ref. Types of Disaster, Natural Environment Document)
  * The protocol shall deliver disaster as a world event from server to client.

 * The game shall present spring, summer, fall, winter seasons, effecting growth rates, water level, vegetation capacity, kinds of diseases and disasters. (Ref. Types of Season, Natural Environment Document)
  * The protocol shall deliver season argument data from server to client.


=Descriptions=
 
 * For Natural Environment Component, the protocols shall be able to deliver all necessary environment data from Server to Client. Since all natural events (like disease, disaster and wildfire) are affecting the environments, the main purpose of protocol is to send the updated environment data to client for rendering. The server handles all environment simulations and natural events, so the protocol shall be able to be generated by Server.

 * Different combinations of protocols can achieve different natural event.
  * Example: When a flood event happens, ResponseNaturalEvent will ask client to rendering heavy rain, then ResponseUpdateWaterLevel will tell client how the water change, also ResponseUpdateAnimalStatus and ResponseUpdatePlantStatus will keep sending to client for updating the statuses of animals and plants.


=Priorities=

 * *Priority 1*
  * Environment Types: Desert, Jungle, Grasslands, Arctic
  * Natural Events: Wildfire, Flood
   * ResponseGetEnv – Retrieve Environment Data
   * ResponseNaturalEvent – Reveal Natural Event
   * ResponseUpdateWaterLevel – Update the water level for flood event
   * ResponseAnimalStatus – Update animal status
   * ResponsePlantStatus – Update plant status

 * *Priority 2*
  * Season Types: Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter
  * Natural Events: Rain
   * ResponseSeasonChange – Update season
   * ResponseUpdateWeatherPrediction – Update Normal Daily Weather: raining, cloudy,…

 * *Priority 3*
  * Season Types: Animal Disease, Plant Disease, Terrain Disease
  * Natural Events: Snowstorm, Hurricane, Drought, Earthquake
   * ResponseNaturalEvent – Reveal Natural Event
   * ResponseAnimalStatus – Update animal status
   * ResponsePlantStatus – Update plant status


=Protocol Object Specifications=

 * *ResponseGetEnv* – Env ID, EnvTypeID, NumberOfZones, (ZoneID, Water), …
 * *ResponseNaturalEvent* – EventID, EventTypeID, Day, NumberOfZones, (ZoneID),…, Time
  * EventTypeID:  0 – For Normal Daily Weather, 1 – Wildfire, 2 – Flood, 3 – Snowstorm, 4 – Hurricane, 5 – Drought, 6 – Earthquake
 * *ResponseUpdateWaterLevel* – WaterID, ZoneID, Level, TargetLevel, TargetTime’
 * *ResponseAnimalStatus* – AninalID, StatusID
 * *ResponsePlantStatus* – PlantID, StatusID
  * StatusID: 0 – Normal, 1 – Burning, 2 – Drowning, 3 – Frostbite, 11 – Animal Disease, 12 – Plant Disease
 * *ResponseUpdateWeatherPrediction* – Day, Light, Time, Rain, Time, Cloudy, Time
 * *ResponseSeasonChange* – SeasonID
  * SeasonID: 1 – Spring, 2 – Summer, 3 – Fall, 4 – Winter


=Deliverables=
 * *By Apr 1*
  * ResponseGetEnv
  * ResponseNaturalEvent
  * ResponseUpdateWaterLevel
  * ResponseAnimalStatus
  * ResponsePlantStatus
  * ResponseSeasonChange
  * ResponseUpdateWeatherPrediction	
 * *By Apr 15*
  * Modify or Add more protocols as Server and Client required.	
 * *By Apr 29*
  * To be Determined	
 * *By May 13*
  * To be Determined	